{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cruises offer many advantages over a typical travel experience. If you plan ahead you can make your cruise a life-changing experience. Here are some of our top tips for successful cruisers:\
\
Pack efficiently. Bring only what you need and leave some room in your suitcases for souvenirs and purchases.\
\
Bring all your prescriptions and common medicines. Our cruise ships are smaller than average but there still may be a wait to see the ship's doctor. Assume you will need aspirin or ibuprofen. Pack Dramamine and Imodium. Label the bottles and bring a copy of your prescription.\
\
Book excursion, spa and dinner reservations in advance, when possible. These services often fill up quickly.\
\
If you have a choice, take the late dinner seating. Most dinners offer two or more seatings. The late one will give you the most flexibility and is usually the most relaxed. No one will be rushing you to make room for the next diner.\
\
Pack good hiking or walking shoes. You'd be surprised how many cruisers are sidelined by blisters after their first excursion. Don't let this happen to you. Make sure you break in your shoes before your trip if they are new.   }