{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww20580\viewh12980\viewkind1\viewscale200
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 --Item 1--\
\
London Tea\
\
If you have never experienced high tea, you need to take this tour. This is a side of London unseen by most.\
\
--Item 2--\
\
French Bread\
\
Have you ever smelled French bread fresh from the oven. You can\'92t get this experience in some high-rise hotel.\
\
--Item 3--\
\
When in Rome\
\
For centuries the heart of western civilization was Rome. Come home and see where everything started.\
\
--Item 4--\
\
Chicago Blues\
\
Broad shoulders and high rises. Discover why this city on the lake is important to both architects and poets.\
\
--Item 5--\
\
Dreams of Florence  \
\
Some say modern Italy started in Florence. It\'92s not just the center of the country. It\'92s the center of art and culture.\
\
--Item 6--\
\
Back Canal Venice\
\
Get off the main drag, Quiet and serene. Most Venetians live a totally different life style. Come see the other side.\
\
--Item 7--\
\
New York Times\
\
Come see a different side of New York. Broadway to the Bronx, we know every inch of the Big Apple.\
\
--Item 8--\
\
San Francisco Days\
\
City of seven hills. Jump on a cable car or a ferry and see the real city. You really don\'92t know our San Francisco.\
\
--Item 9--\
\
Normandy Landings\
\
Wind swept beaches and the rolling bocage are renown worldwide. No one knows Normandy like we do.}